README.md, before:

# Coracle

Coracle is a lightweight Clojure application for storing Activity Stream 2.0 activities into mongo, and subsequently retrieving them.


----------------------
### Docker Deployment

The latest Coracle image can be retrieved with:

    docker pull dcent/coracle

A container can be started like this:

    docker run -d --name coracle --link mongo:mongo -p 7000:7000 dcent/coracle

Note this assumes that you have a mongo container running with the name 'mongo'.


----------------------
### Configuration

The following environment variables can be passed into the docker container to configure the application.

##### Required:

- **BEARER_TOKEN** -  The app will not start without it. Only POST requests that have a matching token in the HTTP header (e.g. "bearer-token" "123") are permitted.
   
##### Optional:

- **HOST** - defaults to **0.0.0.0**
- **PORT** - defaults to **7000**
- **MONGO_PORT** - defaults to **27017**
- **MONGO_DB** - defaults to **coracle**
- **SECURE** - defaults to **nil** - When set to **true** this will wrap the app with middleware that enforces https-only connections.

Commit message:

FM | 335 | updated readme and added env file for easier deployment

README.md, after:

# Coracle

Coracle is a lightweight Clojure application for storing Activity Stream 2.0 activities into mongo, and subsequently retrieving them.


----------------------
### Docker Deployment

The latest Coracle image can be retrieved with:

    docker pull dcent/coracle

A container can be started like this:

    docker run -d --name coracle --env-file=<path to env file>/coracle.env --link coracle-mongo:mongo -p 7000:7000 dcent/coracle

Note this assumes that you have a mongo container running with the name 'coracle-mongo'.


----------------------
### Configuration

The following environment variables can be passed into the docker container to configure the application.

##### Required:

- **BEARER_TOKEN** -  The app will not start without it. Only POST requests that have a matching token in the HTTP header (e.g. "bearer-token" "123") are permitted.
- **EXTERNAL_JWK_SET_URL** - The app will not start without it. the location of the endpoint in the app to get the keyset. Will be the address of the coracle instance with /jwk-set
   
##### Optional:

- **HOST** - defaults to **0.0.0.0**
- **PORT** - defaults to **7000**
- **MONGO_PORT** - defaults to **27017**
- **MONGO_DB** - defaults to **coracle**
- **SECURE** - defaults to **nil** - When set to **true** this will wrap the app with middleware that enforces https-only connections.
